Q1_C1	Bad	Massage oil	Where I can buy good oil for massage ?	I 've done it once at the Sharq Village & Spa ... It 's great
Q1_C2	Bad	Massage oil	Where I can buy good oil for massage ?	Dear ; All ! Please read question before you are writing answer ! i wasn ` t asking where I can do massage ! ! ! I asked about oil ! As for second answer - I ` m searching oil for body massage . Bought one in Canterpoint ; there is a small shop near sports shop ; and that oil has nice smell ; but ! It ` s not for making massage to anyone !
Q1_C3	Bad	Massage oil	Where I can buy good oil for massage ?	Again ... I ` m happy for you that you have oil ? ! Did you read my question ? ! I have a lots of things ; but I ` m not writing here about it ! ! ! Don ` t be stupid ; people ; read before you write something ! ! ! I have question ; need answer directly to this question ; not your empty answers about nothing !
Q1_C4	Good	Massage oil	Where I can buy good oil for massage ?	You might be able to find Body Massage Oil in Body Shop at Landmark or City Centre ; and if they do have it there ; its guaranteed to be good for massage ; as some places sell duplicates ; so watch out as this could cause allergies to the skin . Good Luck !
Q1_C5	Bad	Massage oil	Where I can buy good oil for massage ?	Hi . According to your body nature in your picture ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I advise you to use car oil any type forever like my car . It is helpfull to maintaine your body brigthness .
Q1_C6	Bad	Massage oil	Where I can buy good oil for massage ?	Oh SORRY . Iam stupied also ; your ? WHERE ? My answer is in PETROL STATIONS ... ... ...
Q2_C1	Bad	Can i exptend my family visit visa after 6 month ? ?	Dear Members ; I have my wife in qatar on family visit visa ; now it 's gon na over 6 months ; can i get more 2/3 months visa ? ? what is the procedure ? ? pls inform .	thanks ; but where can i get english format visa extension form ? ?
Q3_C1	Good	Which is better from your experience Nokia N8 or Iphone 4 ?	Which is better from your experience Nokia N8 or Iphone 4 ?	iphone 4
Q4_C1	Bad	how to extend the visit visa after 6 months and how long period ?	want to extend the visit visa . What are the procedures and how long i get the extension . thanks for the answers ...	chief tailor i think he already get yuor message ... . once is enough .
Q5_C1	Good	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	Boyfriend cant . But as a husband he can apply for visit visa for both of you .
Q5_C2	Good	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	Yep Boyfriend can not sponsor you but if he becomes your husband then he can..
Q5_C3	Good	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	As far as i know you need to show a proof as a marriage certificate when applying as you have to show your proof of relationship .
Q5_C4	PotentiallyUseful	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	your nationality plays a major role here . coz there r certain citizenships who can get on arrival visas just from the airport on arrival . if u r from one of those countries ; u do n't have any problem . just buy the tickets ; come down here ; get the visa from the airport on arrival BUT YOUR CITIZENSHIP ... ... ! ! ! ! !
Q5_C5	Bad	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	we want to get married there in Qatar once we arrive there..its this possible ? I was told that he can apply for visit visa for me and our son.. He wants us to get married in Qatar
Q5_C6	Good	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	Dear ; Why dont you let your boy friend arrange the things for you if he really wants to marry you here . The process would be long and lots of documentations needed . I have a friend who got married here ( no child ) lots of documentation needed and takes long time to get their marriage certificate issued and therefore she had to fly back to her home country waiting for the attestation of the marriage certificate . Once it is done ; then waiting for family visa to be processed . So get yourself ready for all the process . Good luck for your wedding .
Q5_C7	Bad	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	thanks for your answers but I really would like some help on this . We want to get married in Qatar . The fact that we are getting married there is it not proof enough for Qatari officials to know that we will be legal and enough requirement for us to stay with my fiance in his house ? We were supposed to get married here in the Philippines but he did n't have time for us to set the wedding here..Thanks again !
Q5_C8	Good	how can my boyfriend get me and our baby son a visit visa there ?	How can my boyfriend who currently works for a government office there get me and our baby a visit visa ? How long can we stay there in doha and can we also get married there as well ? Can we stay together in his house there ? Can you give us advice and the steps to take for getting visa and requirements for marriage there in Qatar ? It will be greatly appreciated.Thanks in advance	much easier to get a civil married first then apply for the visa ; this way you can stay with him legally with no worries at all
Q6_C1	Good	Is it cheaper to buy new clothes in Qatar than pay to transport them over from the UK ?	I begin employment in Qatar Aug 09 and have just been quoted 1000 to have them flown over . Is it worth the hassle of customs or should i buy new ? How do prices compare UK Next with Qatar Next ?	since u specifically about NEXT then the prices r the same ... except that here u dont get EVERYTHING u find over in the UK but we do have most of the British stores.We have Debanhams ; M & S ; BHS and Next.But over all 1000 is way to much to pay ... .depending on how much clothes you have ... ..or need ... i would humbly suggest that u evaluate yr clothes because u know the prices ; u alone will be able to judge if the money will buy u what u decide to leave behind ... Good luck
Q6_C2	PotentiallyUseful	Is it cheaper to buy new clothes in Qatar than pay to transport them over from the UK ?	I begin employment in Qatar Aug 09 and have just been quoted 1000 to have them flown over . Is it worth the hassle of customs or should i buy new ? How do prices compare UK Next with Qatar Next ?	I 'm kinda particular about and partial to my clothing so I brought mine . The choices here are not infinite and there is n't the catelog shopping available either .
Q6_C3	Good	Is it cheaper to buy new clothes in Qatar than pay to transport them over from the UK ?	I begin employment in Qatar Aug 09 and have just been quoted 1000 to have them flown over . Is it worth the hassle of customs or should i buy new ? How do prices compare UK Next with Qatar Next ?	If you already have clothes then it 's infinitely cheaper to bring them than to buy more !
Q6_C4	Good	Is it cheaper to buy new clothes in Qatar than pay to transport them over from the UK ?	I begin employment in Qatar Aug 09 and have just been quoted 1000 to have them flown over . Is it worth the hassle of customs or should i buy new ? How do prices compare UK Next with Qatar Next ?	I would just want to reiterate that prices are MUCH higher here . For example yesterday in M & S looked at a pair of trousers ; UK price 29.50 ; Qatar price 200QR ; which means about 38 sterling at the current rates . Next I have found to be even worse than this . At another shop bought my son some Clarks sandles costing 245QR which would have been 30 in the UK . Talk about mark up ! I would also say that the range of clothing to the average UK taste is quite limited . As soon as you go outside of the UK shops you can run into some rather ornate clothing . The quality can be questionable aswell . Not sure how the higher end international shops compare . I am currently counting down the days til I go back to the UK in the summer and hit the summer sales ! Planning on going with empty cases and coming back with rather full ones LOL .
Q7_C1	Good	Can we resign from the job ? ?	My employer have recruited me as a Business Development Executive in a Labor Visa.I am put on a Impossible task.I want to resign from the Job.Can I do that ? ?	you can resign and go back
Q7_C2	Good	Can we resign from the job ? ?	My employer have recruited me as a Business Development Executive in a Labor Visa.I am put on a Impossible task.I want to resign from the Job.Can I do that ? ?	have u signed any contract ? if u have ; check what is stipulated there.. sometimes ; employers require the employee to pay a certain amount of fee if he/she resigns before the probationary period ; but you did n't mention how long you 've been working with the company..
Q7_C3	Good	Can we resign from the job ? ?	My employer have recruited me as a Business Development Executive in a Labor Visa.I am put on a Impossible task.I want to resign from the Job.Can I do that ? ?	the problem is ... expenses
Q7_C4	Bad	Can we resign from the job ? ?	My employer have recruited me as a Business Development Executive in a Labor Visa.I am put on a Impossible task.I want to resign from the Job.Can I do that ? ?	like getting banned for 2 years > Is that right ?
Q8_C1	Bad	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	which car do you have ?
Q8_C2	Good	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	BEst Place is Qatarliving ofcourse
Q8_C3	Good	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	u r already in the best place ... advertize here in QL
Q8_C4	Good	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	it might take awhile to sell a dodge car nowadays and if you are looking for a best sell place i do n't suggest you to park your car in one of those car shops at salwa roads ; it take awhile to be noticed ; so your best bet to find car showrooms inside doha or add your car at http : //qatarsale.com by contacting them and they will do the rest
Q8_C5	Good	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	try these sites ; www dot qatarsale dot com and www dot qatarcl dot com ... good luck
Q8_C6	Good	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	Approach Oasis Used Cars.. they are the best . Location near Crazy signal dial 111 to get the contact number .
Q8_C7	Good	anyone knows where the best to sell or trade cars here in Doha ?	i was thinking of trading or selling my car . in case i want to trade it ; where is the best trading company ? as well as to where to sell it ?	salwa road has a lot of cars showrooms also . let me tell you something ; if you like adventures just go to Industrial Area - Street No . 10 ; on thursdays and fridays : ) ; you will find your self in Cars Souq alot of cars ; alot of people : ) .. but if u go there and you was upset .. its not my fault : )
